Analysis message for IST0144 (#9565)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0144/index.md

{{< warning >}}
User ID (UID) `1337` is reserved for the sidecar proxy.
{{< /warning >}}

## An example

Consider a `Deployment` with `securityContext.runAsUser` running either at Pod level or at container level using UID `1337`:

{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: deploy-con-sec-uid
  labels:
    app: helloworld
    version: v1
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: helloworld
      version: v1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: helloworld
        version: v1
    spec:
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1337
      containers:
      - name: helloworld
        image: docker.io/istio/examples-helloworld-v1
        securityContext:
          runAsUser: 1337
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: "100m"
        imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent #Always
        ports:
        - containerPort: 5000
{{< /text >}}

## How to resolve

> Because the User ID (UID) `1337` is reserved for the sidecar proxy, you can use a different User ID (UID) eg: `1338` for your workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the User ID (UID) `1337` is reserved for the sidecar proxy, you can use a different User ID (UID) such as `1338` for your workload.
```

Reviewer: lint spelling doesn't like `eg:`

Author: Thanks @rvennam
